[E1M1]
$t82;#1 At the start, shoot the switch across the courtyard to get the secret power-up.

$t83;#2 Travel to the room with imp snipers behind bars in the south of the map.  Lower the platform in the room, which in turn lowers a platform across the way revealing a switch.  Shoot the switch.  Ride up the platform in the room and travel through the tunnel and drop back down to reach the secret power-up.

$s11;#3 Obtain the rocket launcher.  Next jump to the platform with the imps and rockets.  From here you can now shoot a switch back near the starting ledge.  The switch raises a step so that you can obtain the secret power-up.

[E1M6]
$t725;#1 Obtain the red key and open the door in the north-west area.  The key is found to the south of the door in the metal area with criss-crossing paths.  Ride up the lift and jump to the south.  Next walk along the wall on the very small ledges until you are near the south-east end of the room.  Push the switch that appears and jump onto the platform above the red key.  Ride the platform up and run west into the wall.  The wall will open and allow you to ride a lift back to the roof platform.  Quickly jump south to the armor bonuses.  Shoot the switch that appears to the north, but do not ride up the platform again.  Wait for the platform to rise and then jump down to obtain the red key.  To reach the red  door, return to the north-western crate room.  There is a switch that lowers a platform near the doorway to the crate room.  Push the switch and quickly jump from crate to crate until you can head south-west above the doorway and land on the platform.  Ride the platform up to the red door.

$s1468;#2 In the nukage room with many silver platforms, repeatedly step onto the platform that is lit up.  Follow the path until you reach the power-up.  If you continue on the path further to the second power-up you will uncover the secret exit.

$s1863;#3 Outside in the south-east there is a gray crate.  Walk around the metal structure to find the backside of the crate.  Push to open it up and grab the item inside.  Walk inside the crate and wait for the side to close up.  If you push the side to exit, you'll fall down into a hole in the ground instead of exiting.  Down the hole is a power-up.

$s1916;#4 Press the Satyr switch in north-west corner of the map (up the lift).  This opens up access to a power-up across the lava near the Mancubus.  Walk quickly or you'll miss it.

$s2088;#5 After obtaining the super-shotgun, jump across the lava onto the gray support beam and follow the beam to the right.  Near where the beam ends there is a fake wall to the left (a lost soul emerges from it).  Head to the left through the fake wall and jump down to a lower gray support beam.  Quickly walk forward and jump down to get a power-up.

$s2301;#6 In the south central part of the map there is a room with a couple of imps on a ledge with a Pain Elemental.  Go up on the imp ledge and head south to the rocket pickup.  Look north and across the way you'll see the platform with a barrel on it lower.  Head north, shoot the barrel and ride up the platform.  From the top of the platform, shoot a switch across the way to open the door.  Continue out the door across the bridge, through another door until you'll reach the upper part of the red key area.  Continue across the bridge and through another door and you'll find some rocket ammunition.
